# Nursery Rd Social Media App -- TeamWork (J.M.R.S Tech)
Nursery Rd Social Media App (2019.2 - 2019.11)

Nursery Road State Special School is a school in which a student's learning experience is limited due to physical impairment. The physical need for each student are varied differently from being visual, hearing or sensory disabled. Students are unable to gain all the resources needed to complete their learning as each student are faced with multiple physical challenges. Currently, there are teacher aides, teachers and therapists that help interact with the students. However, difficulties arise in communicating with each other such that J.M.R.S Tech have been approached to develop a social media and messaging application, SNAP. SNAP is designed for teenagers which enables the students to interact with one another during lunch breaks and free time on school grounds.
 
Hannah Tipman, an Occupational Therapist is the supervisor as well as the client for this project. This project is designed for a specific class in Nursery Road State Special School making it a small scale project for now. There are plans for the final product to reach a large scale stage but that would result in many future teams adding onto the current ongoing project.
 
Business goals in which our client expects from the team would be for J.M.R.S to complete the core features of the website. This project is an ongoing project which has already been developed on for 2 years. In the past 2 years, other teams have attempted to meet all the requirements the client requested resulting in not being able to complete any of the functionality. The main focus of this project is to create a small scale social media application allowing students to communicate with other students without much supervision. Hence, the team have decided to work on specific parts that enable the students to interact with others using private messages.

Notifications are also essential in social media applications; students would like to know if there are incoming messages being sent to their account. It has been discussed with the client that user experience would be greatly improved if there was a notification system implemented into the website. Due to physical or visually impaired students, the notification system will assist them in checking the messages without causing difficulty searching through each individual message.
